Blog Post: Matt Morehouse LTS (#164)
OpenSats/website: data/blog/matt-morehouse-lightning-security-lts-grant.mdx

---
title: "Long-Term Support For Matt Morehouse"

> date: '2023-10-21'

Author: ```suggestion
date: '2023-10-23'
```

- Discovery of a [griefing attack](https://github.com/lightning/bolts/pull/851#discussion_r997537630) in the interactive-tx protocol.
- Helped prevent a [BOLT2 change](https://github.com/lightning/bolts/pull/1083) that would allow the channel reserve to be violated.
- Overhauled [LND's](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/issues/7452) and [CLN's fuzzing infrastructure](https://github.com/ElementsProject/lightning/issues/6083).
- Various bug fixes and fuzz tests for [CLN](https://github.com/ElementsProject/lightning/commits?author=morehouse) and [LND](https://github.com/lightningnetwork/lnd/commits?author=morehouse).

In all likelihood, the Lightning Network will play a crucial role in any future
that has Bitcoin scaling to 10 billion users. However, since the beginning of
the network, the development of new features often had priority over the overall
security and robustness of the network. Adding new features like dual funded
channels, Taproot channels, splicing, and BOLT 12 is still the main priority for
most developers and users, but all these features introduce added complexity.
"Complexity is the worst enemy of security," to quote Bruce Schneier, "and our

> systems are getting more complex all the time." Including Lightning.  Matt's

Reviewer: I think this wording flows a little better:

```suggestion
systems are getting more complex all the time." Lightning is no exception.  Matt's
```
